GenSpark, the AI tool that is now
rivaling Chat GPT. On this channel,
we've covered several methods for making
money online by using AI tools such as
Google Gemini, DeepSeek, and Chat GPT.
But what you're about to see in this
video is going to absolutely blow your
mind. Genpark has finally taken AI to
the next level, making it suddenly
possible to make money online with AI by
using a method such as the one that I'm
going to show you exactly how to
replicate step by step in this video
right now. Let's get into it. Step one
is to get signed up to the Preply
affiliate program so that we can
leverage GenSpark to start earning
affiliate marketing commissions. I'll
leave a link to this affiliate program
in the video description. And if you
click onto where it says become an
affiliate next to where it says
affiliate program, you'll then be able
to retrieve an affiliate link for Preply
once you are signed up, which is an
online language learning website and
start earning over $20 every time
somebody clicks onto your link and books
a trial lesson. And when they click onto
your affiliate link, they will be taken
to a page like this where they can find
an online language learning tutor. And
in this video, I'm going to show you how
to place your affiliate link in front of
a huge audience who are specifically
searching online right now with the
intention of learning a language online.
So, when they click onto your link and
they click onto where it says find your
tutor, that's where they can then browse
the thousands of language tutors, let's
say to learn Japanese in this example,
and before they commit to signing up to
lessons with that tutor, they can first
book a trial lesson. And whenever that
trial lesson is booked, that's when
we'll earn that $20 in affiliate
marketing commissions. And to absolutely
maximize the amount of those affiliate
commissions that we can earn, we are now
suddenly able to create a lead magnet of
immense value such as this language
learning kit for 10 must know Japanese
phrases where your lead can first of all
click onto where it says view these
slides to access these highly engaging
and useful slides to learn 10 must know
Japanese phrases including things like
greetings as you can see right here with
these highly engaging images. And once
they're done reading that slide deck,
what they can then do is head back over
to our language learning kit and
practice even further by clicking onto
where it says audio guide to further
practice learning those phrases with
native pronunciation by clicking onto
where it says play next to any one of
those phrases. Let's click onto this one
over where it says greetings.
>> And once they've had a listen to all of
those phrases, they can then click onto
where it says quiz over here to test
their knowledge. And when they go
through that quiz to test their
knowledge, for example, what does
kichiwa mean? I'll click onto where it
says hello, good afternoon, which is
correct. I go to next. And if they click
onto one that is incorrect, it will say
incorrect over here, guys. And they can
literally go through each one of those
questions, these are 15 engaging
questions in this particular example.
They'll then be presented with their
quiz score. I got 10 out of 15. Not bad.
But underneath that quiz score, here is
where it will start promoting our
affiliate link. As you can see, it says,
"Ready to take your Japanese to the next
level?" Now that you've mastered these
essential phrases, why not accelerate
your learning with Preply, which
connects you with expert Japanese
tutors, and it goes through the
different features of the Preply
platform. And here you'll see a strong
call to action, which says in this
example, find your perfect Japanese
tutor. When they click onto that strong
call to action, they will be taken
directly over to Preply via our
affiliate link. And we know whenever
they click onto that link and then click
onto where it says book a trial lesson
to book that trial lesson, that's when
we'll earn those $20 in affiliate
marketing commissions. And by creating
campaign material just like this, which
we can place directly in front of an
audience of thousands specifically
interested in learning Japanese online,
we can drive a ton of clicks to our
language learning kit. a lead magnet
that we can give away completely for
free to a high intent, high converting
audience. And that lead magnet has a
built-in optimized affiliate marketing
funnel. So, we can absolutely maximize
not only the amount of clicks that we
get onto our affiliate link once they
take that quiz, but in turn also the
amount of those affiliate marketing
commissions that we can earn. And we are
now suddenly able to create lead magnets
of this caliber in literally only a
couple of minutes without any technical
skills required by using GenSpark which
is Silicon Valley's first AI agent
unicorn. They have just released AI
workspace 2.0. I'll leave a link to
GenSpark in the video description. Once
you click onto that link, you will be
taken to a page like this. Now, GenSpark
is a next generation all-in-one AI
workspace which has completely
transformed how people can work and make
money online with affiliate marketing,
which I'm going to show you exactly how
to implement step by step with this
method right now. So, the very first
thing we'll do is to click onto where it
says AI slides. And with creative mode
selected, using Nano Banana Pro, we're
able to rapidly create a slide deck just
like this containing stunning automated
visuals for 10 must know Japanese
phrases, for example. To very easily do
that, I'll simply type something in like
10 must know Japanese phrases and hit
enter. and it will give us exactly that,
a structured, creative, highly useful
slide deck for 10 must know Japanese
phrases with these incredible visuals
with examples teaching us phrases such
as how to say hello, excuse me. If I
scroll down, we got phrases on asking
for directions, how to dine like a
local, phrases to say in a restaurant,
and so on. Now, once you're happy with
your slide deck, which I most certainly
am, what I'm going to do is click onto
where it says view and export, then go
to where it says export and export as a
PDF. That will then be saved to your
GenSpark AI drive. And what we're now
going to do is to utilize that slide
deck to now create the second resource
which we're going to contain in our
language learning kit, which is that
audio companion where they can practice
with native pronunciation. again by
clicking onto any one of these play
buttons next to those phrases like this
one for example.
>> And to very easily create that, you want
to go back over to the GenSpark AI
workspace. And now you want to click
onto where it says AI developer where
with a single prompt, we can create a
fully functional website or web app. So
I'm going to click onto where it says
simple website or web app and then click
onto where it says start building. And
here what I can do is to click onto this
plus button and go to where it says
choose from AI drive. Select that slide
deck that we just created for those 10
must know Japanese phrases. And I will
give it a prompt like this so we can
rapidly create an audio companion
containing a list of those phrases with
play buttons next to them allowing us to
listen to and practice the correct
pronunciations. I'll simply hit enter.
Guys, look what it has created for us.
It is 10 must know Japanese phrases. But
the features that it has also added to
this audio companion, they have gone
over and above. Look. So, first of all,
yes, we can click onto any one of these
10 Japanese phrases. Click onto this
play button.
>> And what we can actually do is we can
actually change the voices, right? Let
me click onto this voice over here.
>> And as you can see, it sounds a little
bit slow. And the reason for that is at
the bottom of the page here, guys. Yes,
you can also adjust the speed. If I go
to fast over here,
>> the speed is adjusted accordingly. And
what I can also do is go back to the
bottom. I'll click onto where it says
normal. I can also click onto where it
says play all over here. And it will go
through each and every one of those
phrases.
>> You get the idea. here. And at the end
of this audio companion, there's also a
pro tip containing advice on how to best
use this audio companion which will form
part of our lead magnet which we're
going to be giving away completely for
free. And you can only imagine the
amount of traffic that we're going to be
driving to this lead magnet to our
affiliate link. And that's because
literally nobody is creating lead
magnets anywhere near this caliber. If
you are somebody specifically searching
online with the intention of learning
Japanese, you'd have to be almost out of
your mind to not want to access this
completely for free. Please smash that
like button, guys, if you're as excited
as I am with the possibilities that we
can now suddenly dive into with GenSpark
Workspace 2.0. Now, to put together the
last piece of this lead magnet, what
we're going to do is to create that quiz
where they can practice after reading
those slides and listening to these
phrases, which of course is where that
upsell for our affiliate link will be at
the end of that quiz, which we can very
easily create by staying in AI developer
and with a single prompt saying
something like, "Now create an
interactive quiz that tests your
knowledge of those same Japanese
phrases. is I'll hit enter and just like
that this incredible fully interactive
quiz has been created for us. Now
question one for example says what does
this phrase mean has it in both Japanese
and romanized letters. I can also click
on to where it says hear it which is
paired perfectly with our audio
companion. I can then select from any
one of the answers right here. And if
you wanted to change absolutely anything
about this quiz, which is essentially an
app that Genpark AI has rapidly created
for us, you can simply type anything in
to this prompt box right here, and it
will apply those changes for you. Now,
I'm really happy with the current layout
of the quiz. But one change that I will
absolutely implement is with the
following prompt. At the end of the
quiz, upsell and promote naturally Prely
to learn Japanese with a strong call to
action button linking to that will be
our affiliate link. So going back over
to my Preply affiliate link, I will copy
it, go back over to this prompt box,
type it in, and simply hit enter. So
that Preply call to action with our
affiliate link should now be added at
the end of the quiz. I've purposely gone
over to question 10. I'm on five out of
10 correct so far, guys. Let's answer
this last question. I think that means
where is it? There you go. So, let's see
the results. Good progress. 60% review
these. And here you can see the upsell
for our Prely affiliate link. Ready to
go beyond 10 phrases. You've made a
great start. It outlines the benefits
and features of Preply. And of course,
if I click on two where it says start
learning on Preply right here, I'll be
taken over to Preply via that affiliate
link. And as a potential customer who we
know by taking that quiz is already
interested in learning Japanese. If I go
ahead and click onto where it says book
trial lesson over here for example,
that's when we'll earn those $20 in
affiliate marketing commissions. Now, to
piece all of this together and to add
all of that slide, that audio companion,
and that quiz into a single lead magnet
for that language learning kit, I will
simply go back over to GenSpark and tell
it to piece all of this together by
creating a lead magnet, language
learning kit containing the slides, the
audio companion, and quiz on one page.
I'll simply hit enter. And here is our
highly impressive, visually appealing
free language learning kit to learn 10
essential Japanese phrases. Let's test
it out. I'll click onto where it says
begin your journey over here. For
example, step one is to start with the
phrase guide. I can download those PDF
slides. If I click onto where it says
step two, I can then access that audio
companion. Of course, if I click onto
any one of these play buttons,
it's working as intended. If I scroll
down even further, you can then test
yourself with the quiz. And of course,
when you get to question 10, what it
will do, guys, is it will scroll down
and upsell Preply via our affiliate
link. This looks absolutely incredible.
Now, in terms of actually driving a ton
of buyer traffic to your free language
learning kit, again guys, nobody is
giving out free lead magnets just like
this. And before we give that lead
magnet away for free to drive that
affiliate traffic to it, what I'm first
going to do is head back over to a blank
GenSpark AI workspace. And this time,
I'm simply going to click onto where it
says AI image. And here is where you can
create the campaign assets or material
to place directly in front of high
converting affiliate traffic to start
driving that traffic to your free
language learning kit. Now, what I could
do is simply type in to this text box
right here using Nano Banana 2 a simple
prompt to let's say create a Pinterest
pin to place directly in front of a high
converting audience specifically looking
to learn Japanese. But what I'm going to
show you how to do, guys, is how to
enter that prompt not by typing it, but
by speaking it using an incredible tool
that I haven't spoken about before on
this channel. Let me first demonstrate
exactly how I'm going to do it. And I'm
then going to tell you exactly what that
tool is and how you can access it, too.
And just a heads up, I'm going to
deliberately speak in a sort of
semi-incoherent manner, lots of uming
and aaring to show you the effectiveness
of this tool. So, what I'll say is
uh create a um like a Pinterest pin uh
that I want to use to drive affiliate
traffic to uh for a free um Japanese
learning kit. And uh at the top of the
pin, I uh want to say something uh along
the lines of uh 10 must know Japanese
phrases. And uh at the bottom of the
pin, I want a strong uh call to action
uh that demonstrates that the learning
kit does have a sort of audio companion
and uh uh quiz inside it where you can
test your uh Japanese uh skills. Both of
them are free. Uh just do a strong call
to action with uh a few words at the
bottom of the uh pin outlining that. And
the imagery for the uh pin will be a uh
woman on her laptop learning Japanese.
So, I've let go of that key that I was
pressing down. And you can see that that
incoherent mess that I was spouting.
Apologies if that did annoy you guys. As
I said, just demonstrating the
effectiveness of this tool has written a
really extra coherent prompt right here.
As you can see, create a Pinterest pin
to drive affiliate traffic to a free
Japanese learning pit. The layout should
include 10 must know Japanese phrases,
the middle imagery of a woman on her
laptop learning Japanese, and the bottom
a very simple call to action uh
outlining exactly what I said, but only
in a few words in a far more coherent
manner. Now, before I show you exactly
what the tool was that allowed me to do
that, let's first hit enter. And here is
our incredible looking Pinterest pin
containing an image generated with Nano
Banana 2.0. Incredible headline image.
Very strong call to action right here
outlining that free Japanese learning
kit containing the audio companion, the
quiz. This is absolutely incredible. And
I created this literally utilizing a
GenSpark AI only with my voice with a
very incoherent prompt. Now, the tool
that I use to do that, guys, it's called
Speakly. I'll leave a link in the video
description. And you can download the
Speakly app either on Mac or Windows. It
is on average four times faster than
typing. And what you just saw in action
is that AI autoedit. It got rid of all
of those inconsistencies in that prompt
that I gave it. With this incredible
Pinterest pin right here. And there are
some more use cases with Speakley that
we can implement for this exact strategy
to drive even more affiliate traffic to
our link. Before I show you exactly how
you can do that, what we can also do,
guys, in this exact view right here is
to make sure that you've clicked onto
the canvas and let's say that I wanted
to edit the image in this pin. Look,
let's say that I wanted to give her a
Japanese hat, for example. I can go to
where it says draw toedit and very
incoherently again guys, draw some sort
of like a Japanese cap over here. Uh
let's say that it's going to be the
Japanese flag, which is like a sort of
circle, right? Uh and what I will do is
I will steer that sort of incoherent
drawing in the right direction and say,
you know, add hat uh with uh Japanese
flag and then simply hit enter and it's
given us exactly that. It looks
absolutely incredible. And that was with
their draw toit feature. So I'm really
happy with this Pinterest pin as it is.
So, what I'm going to do is simply click
onto where it says download to download
it to my computer. Now, going back over
to AI developer where we created this
incredible looking lead magnet, our
language learning kit. What we now need
to do is to generate a link for that
lead magnet that is publicly accessible
so we can start driving high converting
traffic to it, which we can very easily
do by clicking onto where it says hosted
deploy right here. And if I click onto
where it says deploy to hosted platform,
GenSpark will then create a URL for you
like this one right here. And if I click
onto that URL, I can see my language
learning kit will now be live on a
publicly accessible link that we can now
promote to start driving traffic to our
completely free language learning kit
which offers immense value which we can
now place directly in front of an
audience of thousands specifically
interested in learning Japanese. Before
we do exactly that, I'm going to head
back over to GenSpark AI, specifically
to the AI developer chat that we created
this language learning kit with, and I'm
going to show you how we can use Speakly
to earn even more affiliate marketing
commissions with this particular method.
Now, some of you may know that by
collecting emails from your leads, you
can send out automated email campaigns
to your leads, either reminding them to
sign up to Preply, for example, if they
haven't done so already, or by promoting
other affiliate products to your leads
that you know they might be already
interested in due to the fact that we
know they're interested in learning
Japanese. So, one way that I can add an
email capture form to this particular
lead magnet page. So, we can do that is
by either clicking onto this microphone
right here for Speakley or by clicking
onto my keyboard shortcut, which you'll
also set up when you download Speakley.
And I will simply say, create an email
capture form to place over this language
learning kit. I'll then hit enter. It
will place a beautiful looking lead
capture form directly on top of your
lead magnet to collect not only their
first name, but also their email. So,
you can send those follow-up emails,
let's say, to remind them to sign up to
Preply if they so choose via your
affiliate link, considerably increasing
the amount of those affiliate
conversions that you can generate. And
of course, when crafting those emails,
you don't need to type a single word,
guys. Again, I'm going to use Speakly to
say something very incoherently, such
as, "Uh, hey there. Thank you for uh
taking the time to test out your uh like
Japanese skills with the uh Japanese
language learning kit, which I hope
delivered an immense amount of value.
Uh, don't forget that if you're like
ready to, you know, take things to the
next level and practice your Japanese,
uh, with a native Japanese speaker, uh,
I strongly recommend signing up to
Preply right here. Uh, and we're going
to say, uh, at the end to close it off,
uh, look, let's say, good luck on your
Japanese language learning journey.
Speak soon, Justin. And then I'll let go
of my key and it will write an entirely
coherent email right here. Of course,
guys, don't forget to insert your
affiliate link for Preply. If you want
me to cover how to set up an entire
automated email marketing campaign to
promote affiliate products using
GenSpark AI, drop a comment down below.
And if I get enough feedback, I will
definitely do that in an upcoming video.
But first, before I show you how we can
make even more money by driving even
more affiliate traffic to our link by
utilizing GenSpark, I first want to
touch on how you can actually start
getting visibility from your Pinterest
pin when you do upload it over to
Pinterest. So, of course, you want to
upload the image or pin that we
downloaded that we created with GenSpark
AI utilizing Nano Banana 2.0 O and you
want to insert the link to your language
learning kit right here. However, we
need a Pinterest pin title and a
Pinterest pin description. What you can
do is simply go over to Pinterest and
utilize their autocomplete search bar
feature by typing things in like learn
Japanese. And you can see if I type in,
you know, P, we can see people are
searching for learn Japanese phrases,
beginner phrases. As we can see, people
are searching for learn Japanese for
beginners for free. And over here, guys,
I've even typed in free Japanese
learning. People are also searching for,
you know, free Japanese learning apps
websites, which is perfect for us. So,
what I've done is I've actually
screenshotted each and every one of
these. I've then gone back into GenSpark
AI and I've simply said to create a
Pinterest pin title and description for
maximum visibility and include some of
these highly searched keywords. There
are the screenshots in them where
relevant for the pin that you created.
I'll simply hit enter and it will give
me exactly what I asked for allowing me
to copy this over paste it into the
fields on my Pinterest pin to publish
immediately. And if you compare our pin
to the competition, the other pins that
appear for those search phrases over on
Pinterest, as you can see, guys, our
stands out for a number of reasons. Not
only because the image is highly
visually aesthetic, produced with Nano
Banana 2.0, but the headline also stands
out and the incentive that is being
offered with that strong call to action
is over and above what any other pin
offers. We are offering a free language
learning kit with audio companion and
skills quiz. As you can see guys, some
of the other pins are offering things
like, you know, for tourists a cheat
sheet containing useful phrases. Guys,
we have gone 10x above a cheat sheet.
Like I mentioned, nobody is giving away
these type of lead magnets just yet.
This is only the beginning. Now, to make
even more money with this method to
drive a ton more affiliate traffic to
your affiliate link, I'm going to go
back to my home feed and in the search
bar again, I'll type something in
generic like learn Japanese. And knowing
that not everybody who is interested in
learning Japanese has English as their
native tongue, guys, there are a ton of
people from France, Germany, all over
the world interested in learning
Japanese. What I can do is simply
highlight those words and holding down
my keyboard shortcut for Speakley, I
will simply say translate to French and
it will translate learn Japanese into
French as you can see right here.
Another incredible feature of Speakley
is their translation feature, guys. And
look at this. If I hit enter, you'll
then see a ton of pins that look like
this in French, for example. I believe
it says five exercises to learn
Japanese. And of course guys, that is in
French language. What you can then do is
to very easily go back over to GenSpark
AI, give it a prompt like translate pin
from English to French, which it will
rapidly do. You can also translate the
entire language learning kit from
English to French as well, targeted
towards French speakers who want to
learn Japanese. And it doesn't end
there, guys. If you are incorporating an
email marketing strategy, if you're
collecting the email leads for your free
magnet, you can also translate the
entire email into French. I haven't seen
anything like this just yet, guys. One
platform with literally every single AI
tool that you need to create working
affiliate marketing strategies that you
can put into practice that can scale
fast. And they just launched GenSpark AI
Workspace 2.0. They've already had an
annual run rate of over $200 million in
the past 11 months. And I can see why,
guys. I'm already using GenSpark AI far
more than I'm using tools like ChatGpt
and Google Gemini. I'll leave a link in
the video description for Gen Spark,
which you can try with free credits
available upon sign up. Now, the wildest
part is that GenSpark is offering an
unlimited usage of all their AI image
and AI chat features for the remainder
of 2026. That means for their AI image
feature, for example, you'll get
unlimited access to Nanobanana 2.0,
Seeddream, Flux, GPT Image 1.5, and many
more. For AI chat, that includes GPT5
Pro, Claude Opus 4.6, Gemini 3.1 Pro,
and the list goes on. All of these
models inside both of the AI chat and AI
image features have unlimited usage for
the remainder of 2026.
So, while you can get signed up
completely for free and get free credits
daily with unlimited usage again of both
the AI chat and the AI image features
with the plus plan that starts at only
around $20 per month, you will get
10,000 credits per month. If you did
want to go deeper into some of the
examples and the features that I used in
this video. So, I hope you got value
from this video, guys. If you did,
please smash that like button, subscribe
to the channel if you're new here, and
share this video with anybody who you
think may also get value from it. As you
can see, AI is moving incredibly fast.
Today we looked at an example of how we
can leverage GenSpark to implement
working affiliate marketing strategies
at scale by doing something that nobody
else is doing immediately, putting us
ahead of the competition by creating
lead magnets that nobody else is
creating. Links in the video
description. I strongly recommend taking
action with this method while you still
have that first mover advantage. And
I'll see you guys very soon in the next
online money making video.